classmate
Is this the first water in romance novels?
Hello Miss Tang
Can't imagine
Your beloved brother is in my hands
I don't want him to die
Come to the west warehouse immediately
Sorry Tang You
So far
I still want to make it clear to you in person
It's me. Where's he going?
Dude, you can't do this
We mean making money without killing people
Can you hear us?
Hey hey go
Take that money
Get out of here
Go go go go
Even if the world is on fire
I stand up alone
Just like Tang Zhengchu abandoned me
Why should he give you all his property as a shot?
Why should he
I'm nothing compared to him
You say
Nothing compares to him
Why can't you hurt him?
Do you want to use me to coerce Tang Yao?
I just wanted to kill someone.
I want to kill everyone around Tang Yao
I originally wanted to kill Lu Xuan today
Then kill you halfway
Let them both fly
Just a pathetic
Who lives together and flies together? You are talking nonsense.
How is that possible?
Just because you're an idiot
Just because you are the one who comes from the ravine
Delusions go to the sky
Just because you are delusional
Wishful thinking is never down to earth
How is that possible?
How could you possibly be like him?
How is that possible, hahaha?
Hahaha what?